Snapping scale limit doc (#6073)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/editing_geometry_attributes.rst

what you want to move.

.. index:: Limit snapping to a scale range

Limit snapping to a scale range
-------------------------------

In some cases snapping can become very slow. This is often caused by the
amount of features in some layers that require a heavy index to compute 
and maintain. Some parameters exist to enable snapping only when the map 
view is inside a relevant scale range. This allows to only do the costly index 
computation related to snapping at a scale where drawing is relevant.

Scale limit to snapping is configured in
:menuselection:`Project --> Snapping Options...`.
Limiting snapping to scale is only available in
:guilabel:`Advanced Configuration` mode.

To limit snapping to a scale range you have three modes available:

* :guilabel:`Disabled`: Snapping is enabled whatever the current map scale
  is. This is the default mode.
* :guilabel:`Global`: Snapping is limited and only enabled when the current
  scale of the map is between a global minimum and a global maximum value.
  When selecting this mode two widgets become available
  to configure the range of scales in which snapping is enabled.

> * :guilabel:`Per layer`: Snapping is enabled on a per layer basis.
>   The snapping scale range is defined for each layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Per layer`: The snapping scale range is defined for each layer.
```
Snapping on a layer basis is already set when switching to advanced config, so available in the three modes.

Author: Done !

what you want to move.

.. index:: Limit snapping to a scale range

Limit snapping to a scale range
-------------------------------

In some cases snapping can become very slow. This is often caused by the
amount of features in some layers that require a heavy index to compute 
and maintain. Some parameters exist to enable snapping only when the map 
view is inside a relevant scale range. This allows to only do the costly index 
computation related to snapping at a scale where drawing is relevant.

Scale limit to snapping is configured in
:menuselection:`Project --> Snapping Options...`.
Limiting snapping to scale is only available in
:guilabel:`Advanced Configuration` mode.

To limit snapping to a scale range you have three modes available :

* :guilabel:`Disabled`: Snapping is enabled whatever the current map scale
  is. This is the default mode.
* :guilabel:`Global`: Snapping is limited and only enabled when the current
  scale of the map is between a global minimum and a global maximum value.
* :guilabel:`PerLayer`: Snapping is limited and only enabled when the current
  scale of the map is between a minimum and a maximum value each one of these

>   defined for each layer.

Reviewer: I understand what you mean but wonder if we can find a better formulation. Sorry. No inspiration, yet ;(

> * :guilabel:`Per layer`: Snapping is limited and only enabled when the current
>   scale of the map is between a minimum and a maximum value each one of these
>   defined for each layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Per layer`: Snapping is enabled on a per layer basis.
  The napping scale range is defined for each layer, as explained below.
```

Author: I integrated your suggestion.

When selecting :guilabel:`Global` mode two widgets become available

> to configure the minimum and maximum scales between which snapping is enabledS.

Reviewer: Could we move this to the global section above? To have all details of the option in one place.

Author: Yes, done in last commit.

Reviewer: Thanks

> to configure the minimum and maximum scales between which snapping is enabledS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to configure the range of scales in which snapping is enabled.
```
?

> When selecting :guilabel:`PerLayer` mode two columns become available to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When selecting :guilabel:`Per layer` mode two columns become available to
```

> configure the minimum and maximum scales for each layer.

Reviewer: Same as above, for "per layer"

Author: Yes, done in last commit.

> Please note that the minimum and maximum scales follow the qgis convention :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the minimum and maximum scales follow QGIS convention:
```

> minimum scale is the most "zoom out" scale while maximum scale is the most "zoomed in".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minimum scale is the most "zoomed out" scale while maximum scale is the most "zoomed in".
```
?
